I'll help you go to bed, don't
I just have a cough
I don't want to infect you.
I don't want to delay our wedding
Well, then I won't disturb your rest for now.
I'll go first
His Highness is really infatuated with your fiancée
Hey where are you going
Don't worry.
Nothing happened to us last night
No one will know about this.
You can be your bridegroom with peace of mind
Nothing happened.
I know women like you
Don't cherish it if you get it
scum
Hey, Your Highness, Your Highness
Hurina left from the top of the military mansion
His face was rather ugly.
Tomorrow will be better too.
Your Majesty
I have one thing
I would like to ask Your Majesty to call the shots.
What happened after the big sum yesterday?
minister